Fix all (c) and license info
Get Matthias to pick a (c) and a name
Make sure that things like the license
	are copied into the binary app build.
Ascii text file with supported drivers
Write scripts to generate .dmg files and
    automate version numbering based on 
    cvs tags
Fixup all .cvsignore files and/or collect them
    in a CVSROOT/cvsignore file for things such
    as .DS_Store
Domain - would it make sense to make this a 
    org.sourceforge.webcam-os in the application
    settings field - or does the latter not
    do anything but has to be unique; in which
    case de.matthias-krauss.macam is fine and
    a nice historic reminder. (Dirk, you're 
    right. I've changed it to net.sourceforge.
    webcam-osx.common and .application. If there
    we need more bundle names in the future,
    they can be distinguished by the last part
    of their name. --Matthias, 22.1.2003)

Added a whole slew of SPCA50x based camears in
MyIntelPCCameraPro. These are not ready for
public consumption. Perhaps we need an iface in
which we can limit to just known/production cameras
and an extra one where you can run time try out
a driver with a camera by fiddling the numbers.
-> the MyIntelPCCameraPro.h/m files need to be
   split up and/or we need a slightly more
   clever recognition system to cope with
   lists rather than single id pairs. (I'm afraid
   most of the SPCA50x cameras will not work this
   way. The 500A, 501, 504A, 505, 506 and 508 have
   some things in common, but nevertheless, they
   differ substantially. For some of them, there
   are even different firmwares to handle separately.
   I've merged some of the vendor/product-only
   classes into their parent classes by using the
   new dictionary-based matching mechanism. I'm also
   sceptical concerning the user-side fiddling of the
   vendor/product id's - if they can't compile macam
   on their own, this might result in very high email
   traffic - at least too much for me... -Matthias,
   22.1.2003)
     
$Id$

